we have watched how one moment one
choice can ripple across space and time
giving birth to new stories
after losing his girlfriend christine
palmer in a car crash grief stricken
strange sought answers across the world
and mystic arts
the eye of akamoto he travels to
camertaj learns and becomes a master of
mystic arts he discovers the eye of
agamotto which can manipulate and alter
timelines but he is warned by the
ancient one and wong that doing so could
destroy the reality
two years later strange still could not
let go of the past he repeatedly uses
the eye of agamotto to save christine
palmer but she still dies every single
time
[Music]
the ancient one tells strange that
christine's death is an absolute point
in time and that it cannot be undone but
strange refuse to listen the ancient one
drew upon the power of the dark
dimension and splits the timeline
thereby splitting strange allowing two
of his possible timelines to occur in
one universe one of them accepts
christine's death while the other hide
it in the past growing stronger and more
powerful by absorbing the magic of
mystical beings
[Music]
in the end the evil version overpowers
the other strange and both becomes one
again
strange resurrects his girlfriend
christine tearing reality apart
[Music]
the resulting temporal paradox destroys
the universe strange begs the watcher
for help but he says that he can't
interfere meddling with time and events
only leads to more destruction
christine disintegrates leaving strange
supreme to grieve alone
i'm sorry